So, where were we?
Previously on Rogue.
Listen to me, Ethan, don't go
anywhere near her apartment.
She's setting you up.
One of you guys is gonna tell
me what the fuck is going on.
I am Marty Stein.
I'm a lawyer.
I know who you are.
Yay! Then we're halfway there.
What do you want?
For now, I want my fucking name back.
You okay?
- Goodbye, Marty.
- What?
Betsy, I just, I said I
was sorry. You're right!
Bitching and moaning isn't going
to do either one of us any good.
I have the flash drive.
We should talk.
Oh, we're gonna talk, Marty.
We're gonna talk.
I have a pulse!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Synced and corrected by rickSG -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Go get me a coffee, Marty.
So, I guess we're even now, huh?
Did you hire someone to try to kill me?
- Straight to the point.
- That's right.
No.
Why would I do that?
Tilda Switzer said that
you hired the Russians.
- Tilda Switzer is a lying fucking bitch.
- Yeah? Set me straight then, Marty.
Set me straight.
What?
I admit, I may, in a manner of
speaking, gotten the ball rolling.
On Mia?
Mia, Mia, Mia, Mia
was behind the short selling
of the mine, which means what,
which means she had access
to the auditor's report.
She read the auditor's report.
The auditor who's plane
crashed mysteriously?
Well, I prefer
"tragically", but whatever.
Was Mia just a tragic loose end?
Mia short selling the stock was
gonna scupper the entire deal.
And let me tell you something,
it was a big fucking deal.
The Russians wanted her out.
The Russians put a hit out on her
against my knowledge.
Why would I want her dead?
I wanted to know what she knew.
I wanted to know how
she got her information.
So I hire Greg Barrett to find out.
He came back with a very
interesting little story.
About a magic flash drive,
that had the ability to
get inside the NSA database.
Which means what? Which means they
have access to every individual,
every company, worldwide.
- Sounds ridiculous.
- Ridiculous, right? That's what I thought.
Until I had Mia taken for a
little test drive the other day
before you heroically
came and rescued her.
- So, you had Barrett hire me.
- I knew you'd find the girl.
You put me in the line of fire, Marty.
- What?
- Unintentionally.
- Unintentionally?
- Yeah.
Think about it, what was I doing,
you were starting a new business, right?
I was throwing you work,
I was throwing you a bone.
I didn't know this was gonna turn
into a giant fucking clusterfuck.
Why didn't you fucking call me?
Why didn't you give me a heads up?
I'll tell you why, cause
you're a fucking piece of shit.
Yeah.
I appreciate there may be a
little bad blood between us.
A little bit of bad
blood, just a little bit.
Let me tell you something.
You stick with this girl and
you're gonna wind up dead.
You're gonna wind up dead.
All of a sudden you're
concerned with my wellbeing, huh?
You're un-fucking believable, Marty.
- What do you know about her?
- You're a fucking worm.
- What do you actually know about her?
- You know what?
You wanna talk business.
Let's talk business.
- Oh, okay.
- Yeah.
- Okay. Just business.
All right.
You've got Mia, I've got the drive.
Lets put the two together.
- You get money.
- Yeah.
- And I get what I want.
- Which is?
My name.
And the drive.
We figure out how this thing works.
- We set a new password.
- Okay.
Now, we don't need her, we get rid
of her. And then, it's you and me,
on top of the fucking
ziggurat, where we belong.
I'm the devil you know, Ethan.
- Like it or not.
- Yeah.
This is not me.
What the fuck? What are you doing here?
Get... Jesus!
- Marty.
- What?
You have not been returning our calls.
I've been a little bit busy,
Alexei, if you don't mind.
Mr. Kelly.
I'm sorry, do I know you?
No, but I know you.
I've been watching you on home videos.
- Is that right?
- At the slaughterhouse.
It is quite a daring rescue you made.
You think I have never been
shot in the guts before?
I'm not aiming at your guts.
Neither am I.
You made promise to us. Now
you are ducking our calls.
This is very concerning.
I'm not ducking anything.
No one's ducking anything.
And I don't appreciate you just
dropping in on me like this.
I'm a little busy, Alexei.
I will talk to you when
I'm good and fucking ready.
Or you can talk to us now.
I'm calling Bershov.
Jesus!
Bershov wants to keep you alive for now.
But there is a tax on this.
Did he fail to mention that?
Let us talk terms.
Okay, let's talk terms.
Go fuck yourself.
The tax is half million a week.
Um... A, no.
And B, addendum, Get
the fuck out of my bar.
Fuck off me, get the fuck off me.
Uh-uh. Hey.
Back up, now.
You shoot him, I shoot you.
- Is that what we want?
- No.
You know your men have been
dropping like flies lately.
Can you afford to lose another one?
Okay.
So what do we do here?
How much does Marty owe you?
- I don't owe him shit.
- Shut the fuck up.
The price is the price.
But I tell you what,
I'll make you a deal.
Same price to keep you both alive.
Minus the phone.
You have 48 hours.
That's a lot of money in a
very short amount of time.
You're clever boys.
You will find a way.
Okay, Marty.
What's your deal with Bershov?
Bershov was tying to tie up
the loose ends on the deal.
And then, I find out
that Barrett was killed,
and I figured, I'm not stupid, I'm next.
So I go into hiding, I
figure out my next move
and I go to Bershov, with a new offer.
- The drive.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm gonna call you later
today with my decision.
You're in this as much
as I am, you know that.
Get yourself a new phone.
Anna Drubeskaya.
That's her name.
For such a tiny person, you
step like a fucking elephant.
It's good to see you.
You, too.
How you feeling?
Like I slept in a ditch.
It was more of a gully than a ditch.
You look like you've been, uh,
sleeping in some gullies yourself.
Lowry was here.
He wasn't his usual warm self.
Oh?
You know anything about that?
Some people have a weird
way of showing concern.
Mmm-hmm.
I told him.
You told him what?
What do you think?
- Jesus.
- I'm sorry.
- Why would you...
- You were missing.
- I thought it had something to do with it.
- Who else knows?
I don't know. You'd have to ask Lowry.
You called my Lieutenant?
No, I didn't call your lieutenant.
What about the mayor? Does he know?
Did you go to the home, did you
tell my mom? Did you tell her
that your son who you don't
remember is now also a dirty cop?
What did you say to Marty?
I told him about Greg Barrett,
and I told him about Ethan. I told
him what you told me to tell him.
How'd he react?
Like he always does, he
said thank you very much
and he kicked my ass out of there.
Why didn't you call me after you left?
I was going to, but I wanted
a bite to eat, I got hungry.
And then what?
Then I get outside and this motherfucker
hits me over the head, throws me in
a car and takes me out to the woods.
- Why did he take you?
- I don't know.
Do you think I'm lying?
I don't think it was random.
I don't think it's random either,
but all the fucker said
was dig your own grave.
Did you see anything or hear anything?
Yeah, a lot of Russian.
There was one with a cell,
he said a name... Tilda...
Sweetzer, Swetzer...
Switzer, Switzer. Tilda Switzer,
that's it. Tilda Switzer.
So the dead Russian we found
strangled and bludgeoned
in the shallow grave.
You do that?
It was pretty impressive, huh?
I suppose.
You've had some practice,
digging your own grave.
Get myself out, too, apparently.
Apparently.
Why don't you help get
me the fuck out of here?
Yeah?
Something you forgot to yell at me for?
Sure, come on in.
This place is a piece of shit.
Well, I've been in
places like this before,
and I've worked my way right out of it.
Besides, the last spot I was in
really didn't work out, you know.
Doesn't mean you gotta
punish yourself like this.
Well, some people do what they gotta do.
What're you doing here, Z?
- You okay?
- I don't know.
Look, I can't help if I
don't know what's going on.
I'm pregnant.
Oh.
Yeah.
And it's, uh...
Don't you dare even
ask me if it's yours.
Hey, listen, I'm sorry, but I thought
we were doing... I thought you was on...
I was.
Huh?
That's all you gotta say? "Huh?"
I come over here and tell you
that I'm pregnant with your child
and the best thing you
can muster up is "huh"?
Z, look, I'm...
Just gimme a second, I'm processing.
I knew this was a mistake.
Z, come on, hold on.
All right, just give me
a second, this is a sign.
- A sign?
- Yes.
You and me and Eli,
we should be a family.
How are you supposed
to take care of a family
when you can't even
take care of yourself?
I'm standing right here, that
gotta count for something.
- Counts for very little.
- But not for nothing. Right?
I got my asset forfeiture hearing today.
I'll get my store back, and
I'm gonna get this shit right.
I've heard that one before.
Listen,
I'm gonna take you
out to dinner tonight.
Somewhere nice.
You know, we can talk about
this a little bit more.
The sitter's got school in the morning,
so it's gotta be an early night.
I'll pick you up at seven.
And you better take me somewhere nice.
What's up?
I need you to look into
something for me, Jen.
Sure. You got a social?
No, just a name.
Hit me.
There.
Her name is Anna Drubeskaya.
You looking for anything specific?
No. I looked for it online,
I couldn't find anything.
Yeah, okay. I'll take a look.
Hey, are you okay?
That's a relative term these days, Jen.
Yeah. You got that right.
Thanks. Thanks for doing this.
No worries.
Okay.
Tilda Switzer?
Federal agent.
Fuck.
- Hey.
Well, how'd it go?
He wants to work with us.
You, me and the flash drive.
What did you say?
- I told him I'd think about it.
- You trust him?
What's wrong?
The Russians found us, Mia.
Shit.
What did they want?
I mean, specifically.
Half a million dollars. Is
that specific enough for you?
What?
Marty cut a deal to save his
own ass. Now they wanna collect.
We have 48 hours.
"We"?
As far as they're concerned,
they think I'm with Marty.
We should just go.
You know, we should get on
the next flight and just leave.
- Go? Go where?
- I don't know. Anywhere.
And leave the drive?
Yeah, fuck the drive.
Okay? I don't need it.
We don't need it. We could just go
somewhere together and start over.
I'm not starting over, Mia.
And I'm not running.
I tried that once
before. It doesn't work.
Okay, then what? Hmm?
Even if we could get our
hands on half a million dollars
do you think that they're
gonna leave us alone?
You think the Russian's
are just gonna let us go?
If you want to go, I won't stop you.
Oh, what the hell is
that supposed to mean?
That means I can't force you
to do something that you don't wanna do,
that's what it means.
Yeah.
You're right.
And we're in this together, so if
that means we stay, then we stay.
Hmm.
How are we gonna get our
hands on that much money?
Marty.
Uh...
I didn't know we had
something on the books today.
Come to think of it, I don't
even know where the books are.
No, no worries.
I just came by to say hi,
see how you were doing.
Well, I'm glad you did.
I still feel terrible about
that whole mix up with the...
Uh, with the...
- Well...
- What? Oh!
Oh, you mean the abandoning
me in my hour of need,
when I'm the one most responsible
for getting you elected to
the United States senate,
you mean that little mix up, Bob?
Marty, I wanted to help
you out, you know that,
but the team, they felt
us being seen together,
you know, given your little, well...
- Problem.
- Bob, listen to me.
Water under the bridge.
It's good to hear.
Besides, I knew you didn't
need my help to rebound.
I saw Furnell's retraction.
I never doubted your innocence,
Marty, not for a second.
Well, Bob, you know what?
I really do appreciate that.
That's very nice of you to say.
This is a list of undeclared donations
right into your war chest, Bob.
Violations of almost every campaign
finance law, on the books.
I mean, as far as I know, I'm no expert.
Where'd you get these?
That's a good question, Bob.
You buried those pretty
deep, I gotta say.
It wasn't easy.
Please.
You know, I've been doing a
lot of thinking lately, Bob.
- Of course.
- I mean, what with my situation
and the trauma and all,
I got to wondering...
What am I going to leave behind,
you know, what is my legacy gonna be.
You've been thinking that?
I mean, maybe I've been taking too much.
Taking from the city, from
the state, from the country.
Maybe that's why friends
were so quick to abandon me
at the very first sign of smoke.
Now, Marty, I just said...
Hey, hey,
hey. Nah-uh-uh.
That's on me. On me.
That's my responsibility. No one else.
We teach others how to treat us.
Boy, is that ever the truth.
And that's why I was thinking,
I want to start giving back. You know?
Uh...
Well...
What do you have in mind?
Well, I was thinking, you
know, with your help, of course,
that I would be appointed to the
District Court of the state of Illinois.
Uh...
You want to be a Federal judge?
- Bingo, Bob.
- Marty, I can appreciate that
this last week has gone a long
way to repairing your reputation,
but even if I could make a case
for you, and that is a big if.
Even then,
District Court Judge is
a lifetime appointment
and there's just no
spots available right now.
Why don't you let me deal with that?
Nice to see you, Senator.
I should keep running.
You probably should.
But if I do, something tells me
you'll just pop around the next corner.
And the next one, and
the next one after that.
You know, I was thinking Gibsons.
You know, low key.
What do you think? Like,
maybe, 20, 30 people?
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
I'm talking about your retirement party.
That's funny. I have few more
rounds left in me yet, Marty.
What?
I swear to God, I've found this old lamp
and whenever I rub it,
a genie pops out and grants me.
any wish I want.
This is tax fraud, Your Honor.
Right there, in black and white.
You son of a bitch.
I'll foot the bill for your party.
A simple "Thank you" will be sufficient.
Go fuck yourself.
That's it, run it off,
girl. Sweat it out!
Mr. Dinard, do you have
anyone who'd like to make
a statement on your behalf?
Uh, no, I believe that you have
the paperwork in front of you...
Special Agent Lowry and Agent Deakins.
Yes, I have the letters.
I'm asking you whether you
have anyone who is willing
to speak for you in court today.
No, I didn't realize that I
needed to have representation.
So, that's a no?
Yes, Your Honor.
My understanding was that
this was just a formality.
And who told you that, sir?
Special Agent Lowry and Agent Deakins.
Well, if that is what
they told you, Mr. Dinard,
I'm afraid that they're ill-informed.
Am I keeping you, Mr. Dinard?
- No, sir.
- Glad to hear it.
The court rules in favor of the State.
Your Honor, please.
- Sir, listen, I had a deal.
- We're done.
- Your deal is not my concern.
- Why not?
This court has full discretion
and has no obligation
to honor any previous arrangements
that you might've made.
That is fucking bullshit.
Mr. Dinard,
your assets were seized
to prevent the ongoing continuation
of a criminal enterprise.
You are a drug dealer, you're
a murderer, you're a gangster,
and as far as I am
concerned, you're a terrorist.
You're the embodiment of everything
that is wrong in this city.
Now this threatening attitude
might work well for
you out on the street,
but you will not hold this court
hostage with your thug-like attitude
and your tactics. We're done here.
Patty.
Buddy, you do not have to do this.
Hey, it was me they tried to kill.
Ow!
Not an invalid.
Okay.
Is he really necessary?
Insurance against you ripping me off,
- among other things.
- Oh, yeah?
You guys have met before. Right?
Oh, we have had the pleasure, yes.
Do you have the drive, Marty?
So, what am I looking for?
Well, no team sports, obviously,
there's too many X-factors.
So what does that leave? Golf? Tennis?
- Ping pong?
- What about MMA?
How about something with a little grace,
a little brawn, little brains?
We're not buying tickets,
Marty, we're placing a bet.
I'm putting up the cash, my call.
I thought the government
took all your cash.
Government couldn't find all my
cash if I drew them a treasure map.
Okay, what are you suggesting?
How about the fine art of boxing?
Fine. Sure. Start with that.
Okay, I'm gonna need some guidance here.
Pull up a list of all the
domestic fights for this evening,
anything that's officially sanctioned.
Then we need to find
doctors, trainers, promoters,
anybody with an inside scoop.
Our teams are going through
Tilda Switzer's house as we speak.
Heading to your office next.
- Waste of time.
- Why's that?
There's nothing to find.
Your boss was gruesomely murdered.
You think that was a mistake?
I don't know what this is,
maybe a jealous ex-boyfriend.
No.
I think she was involved
with the wrong people.
Wrong people, what wrong people?
She was a boring businesswoman.
In charge of one of
the largest operating
uranium mine's in North America.
Teetonka Chicago Inc.,
six months ago, was
hovering at 53 cents.
As of market close, it's at 266 a share.
Too bad they don't pay
me in stock options.
Can you explain how that
surge is even possible?
Look, I am not a financial analyst.
I only answer the phones.
If you know something,
we can protect you.
Unlikely.
You don't even know
who to protect me from.
What we know is that the Russian mob
is responsible for Tilda's death.
We just don't know why.
Do you need to see
what they did to Tilda?
What do you think they're gonna
do to you once they know we spoke?
You think they're gonna trust
you to keep your mouth shut?
I have nothing to say.
Okay.
Then can you confirm
the Teetonka Chicago Inc.
Was in the process of
being sold? Is that right?
No.
No?
Then how do you explain
the articles in the Tribune
discussing the sale
to Blasko Industries?
I didn't say it wasn't happening,
I said I couldn't confirm it.
- Why? - It's called a
"non-disclosure agreement".
I'm not asking you to
discuss anything confidential.
You're asking me to discuss
information that you already have,
which is a waste of our time.
If you want anything
else, get a warrant.
Or speak with our lawyer, Marty Stein.
Your lawyer Marty Stein?
Wow.
Henry.
Marty!
I haven't seen you since
that Arizona/Oregon disaster.
Yeah, that did not go so
well. How you holding up?
Well, Mitzi passed.
- Sorry to hear that.
- Why?
- Who are they?
- Friends.
Yeah? Then why are they eye
balling me like fucking cops?
Jesus Christ, Henry.
You're one paranoid
son-of-a-bitch, you know that?
What are we doing here today?
We would very much like
to place a bet, Henry.
- Your phone broken?
- Actually, yeah.
But we thought we better make
this one in person, anyway.
Why?
We're talking about a
larger bet than normal.
- What're we talking about?
- We're talking about a quarter mil.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
- Marty, I can't cover that.
- Sell some of it off.
- Even if I did...
- Even if you did what?
You gonna let a bet this
size walk out the door?
Really, Henry?
That's a lot of money for
a football game, Marty.
Who said anything about football?
- Oh, what're we talking about?
- Talking about boxing.
- Boxing?
- Yeah.
Archuleta/Garcia.
- No way, can't do it.
- Why not?
Archuleta's a six to one
favorite, Marty. I can't do it.
- Who said anything about Archuleta?
- What?
Who said anything about
Archuleta? We're talking Garcia.
And I just told you, Archuleta's
a six to one favorite.
I mean, you do understand
what that means, right?
Yeah.
It means that if Garcia wins,
we stand to make a shit ton of
money, that's what that means.
You come in here after two years,
without an invite, with
people I don't know,
and you wanna put a quarter million
dollar bet on a six to one underdog?
Someone's trying to rip me off.
No one's trying to rip you off, Henry.
No one's trying to fuck with you.
We are placing a bet.
That's called gambling.
What the hell is this?
$250,000 American cash, greenback.
What're you doing bringing it here?
Show of good faith.
You get to hold on to
that money until the fight.
All right. I'll take your money.
I'm gonna need to count it first.
Knock yourself out.
Should you be working, son?
Never felt better.
Gonna be honest with you,
not a lot to go on here.
I appreciate that, which is
why we're not looking for much.
A wiretap on Marty Stein
isn't exactly nothing.
He's an officer of the court.
Technically, I suppose.
Judge Warner already issued a warrant
for Switzer's home and office.
You're asking me to
take a big step here.
Based on what? A hunch?
The original warrant further indicated
Marty Stein's involvement
in the kidnapping
and attempted murder
of Detective Finnegan.
Your case is circumstantial, at best.
Right now, it is.
Which is why we're here.
Even if I give you what you want,
there's a decent chance another
judge overturns this on appeal.
Cross that bridge when we come to it?
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
Agent Lowry.
Come by to say thanks?
No. Not exactly.
- I don't understand.
- Didn't seem like the judge did either.
It went against you?
I'm sorry, Marlon.
I know you stuck your neck out for us.
Don't even worry about it. I'm
not really here for an apology.
Then what are you here for?
Working with you guys...
You know, helping you all out,
it was the first time in my life
I was part of something good.
Somethin' right.
I'm wondering if there's
anything you all can use me for.
You mean like a CI?
Nah, I'm not a snitch.
Then what?
Did you graduate from
Quantico and not tell anybody?
I'm talking about, you know, outreach.
Working with the community.
Trying to keep these kids
away from this type of life.
Agent Lowry.
- Yeah.
- Who is this?
Well, this is Marlon Dinard.
He's been helping with the...
Unless the rest of that
sentence is he's helping you
finish collect statements
from your agents,
I don't give a fuck.
I've got three dead agents
and not enough answers.
I needed those statements yesterday.
Well, I understand, but I was
just telling Mr. Dinard that...
To get the fuck out of my task force.
- Yes, sir.
- Good.
Listen, Marlon, why don't you
see me in a couple of months?
- I'll see what we can work out.
- Listen, I don't have a couple of months.
Okay? This shit has to happen.
Well, I don't have
time right now, Marlon.
I'm sorry.
Good luck to you.
Hey.
What can I getcha?
Three bourbons, please. Thank you.
I'll have a water.
Have a drink, will you?
I'll take the water like I said.
Coming up.
He doesn't look like he's very injured.
Well, thank God, because the
commission wouldn't let him fight.
I don't believe his manager's
lettin' him in there.
He's going to get killed.
For $80 million, I'd fight
with a torn rotator cuff.
Fine by me. Let him die.
Come on now.
Ding ding.
Step back. Step back.
Easy. What the... Easy.
Why is he fuckin'...
He's going toe-to-toe
with him. Back up!
Shit.
Jesus Christ. Oh! Shit.
There it is, goddammit!
You know what? I think
I'm gonna have that drink.
- You guys want anything?
- No.
Be right back.
- Hey.
- Do you have anything?
I'm working on it.
Whoever she is, Anna Drubaskaya
is a hard girl to find.
- Keep me posted all right?
- Deal.
Miss, can I get a Maker's?
So, I thought we said
about seven, right?
Why don't you come in for a sec?
- All right.
- You want something to drink?
Yeah. Sure.
Where's Eli?
Sent him to my mom's.
Oh. That's a good idea.
Marlon, you know I
care about you, right?
Of course, I know that.
We've been through some stuff together.
That's damn straight.
But we've always managed to
stay in each other's lives.
Yeah.
That's all I want.
Please,
just let me get through this.
You're great with Eli,
and he absolutely
adores having you around.
That's good, because
I'm not going nowhere.
Marlon...
Hey, baby, listen. Today at court
that was just a little
setback, you know.
I'm not finished.
The way that judge talked to you...
Look. I know,
it was wrong, he was wrong.
It was what he said.
And I've been turning a
blind eye for too long,
to who you are...
To what you are.
Hey, I can change.
All right? I can make this right.
For you and for Eli.
And for our baby.
I can't have that around my kid.
I made an appointment today.
I'm going to get it taken care of.
- I'm sorry.
- You're sorry?
You see, I thought you said...
I know what I said.
It wasn't an easy decision, Marlon.
This is not your decision
to make by yourself!
Yes, it is, Marlon.
It's done.
My mind's made up.
This is bad, Marty, this kid's
getting his fuckin' ass kicked.
He's toying with him.
Garcia, come on. Tell me
you're toying with him.
There, there. Stick it, will you?
- Here you go.
- Go, go at him!
Come on, kick his ass.
Take it to the final. Go, baby, go.
His fucking shoulder's gone.
There it is! He's
gotten off the left hand.
He's got nothin' left.
Come on, now. Finish him!
- Finish him.
- It's a dent.
Yeah! Yeah, we did it! We've done it!
We've done it! We did it!
- Hey.
- Shit.
I'm assuming that you
don't have my money.
You fucking ripped me off.
I ripped you off? How did I rip you off?
Six to one on that fight.
It was fucking fixed.
You listen to me. I
want my fucking money.
- And I want it right now.
- I don't got it.
What can I tell you?
- You know what?
- Ethan, don't.
- Listen, motherfucker.
- Ethan, there's another way.
You took a quarter million
fucking dollars from me.
- I don't have it. What can I tell you?
- Really?
I'll tell you something, you got one vote
for you, and you have one against you.
Marty, he's your friend,
what it's gonna be?
- Not my friend.
- Oh, yeah?
- Wait! Wait!
- Wait, what?
- What do you mean wait?
- I'll get you your fucking money.
Oh, really? Because two seconds ago,
you didn't have my fucking money.
Two seconds ago, I didn't have
a fucking gun stuck in my ear.
Come here. Let's go.
Mia. Stay in the car.
What? Why?
Because I don't know what's
going on up there, that's why.
Okay, well, I can take
care of myself, Ethan.
All right. Just stay in the car.
Let's go. Get out.
I'm gonna stay too, I'm
gonna talk to the girl.
Get out of the car, Marty.
Okay.
Who the fuck is he?
- What is this?
- You gotta be fucking kidding me.
This is the guy who's been
fucking backing your bets?
Alexei! You are one dumb
fuck, you know that, Henry?
You already have my money?
No, but actually, you got ours,
you fat Russian fuck. You piece of shit.
What the fuck is going on?
Your boy didn't cover his bet.
That's what's fucking going on.
- Is this true?
- Yeah, it's true!
And what was the bet?
It was a quarter of a million
dollars. Garcia over Archuleta.
This is how you planned to pay me?
- With this insane wager?
- It wasn't insane, you...
A six to one underdog,
not exactly a sure thing.
I knew he had a torn rotator
cuff, you fuckin' dumb...
- You fucking set me up!
- Shut up!
We did our homework, we made a bet.
Nevada Boxing Commission
reported no injury.
They don't know yet.
And how did you?
How do you think?
- The drive.
- That's right.
I caught an email between
the trainer and the doctor.
And because of this you
think I owe you money?
- Depends.
- On?
Yeah? Whether you're a
welching coward or not.
That fucking bet was no good.
And still you took it?
- He fucking ripped me off, Alexei.
- Quiet!
I'm not going to pay your money.
- What's that?
- Really?
But for this week, your debt
is paid. For this week only.
And how much longer do you
expect us to keep paying, Alexei?
I'm just curious.
However long Mr. Bershov says so.
Now get the fuck out of here.
Come on.
Hey.
I need to see you. It's pretty urgent.
- Hey, you know...
- Ethan, seriously...
Let me call you back in a few minutes.
- Yeah. Bye. -
Fine. Bye-bye.
Who was that?
It was Jen. I forgot I was supposed
to have a drink with her tonight.
A drink?
Yeah. She hasn't been
doing so well with,
you know, losing her uncle and
she needs somebody to talk to.
So I'll just drop you
back at your place.
You know, why don't I just come along?
I don't think that's a good idea.
Oh, okay.
Whatever you think is best.
Jen, it's me.
- Hey, Judge.
- Now don't do anything foolish, son.
Give me your wallet.
Wallet.
And that cellphone, too.
Cellphone.
What do you want?
I don't want to be here with
you, Judge. That's for sure.
Where I want to be is
with my girl, celebrating.
That's how my day was meant to go.
But instead, I'm here with you.
Man, I haven't even eaten yet.
I'm hungry, what about you?
Now look, what I said
in that courtroom...
I forgot.
What?
How much I missed this place.
Did you miss me?
- Hmm?
- No.
Come on, you missed me.
You still got any of that, uh,
stuff, in that desk?
I'll get the mugs.
You think Marty went to bed?
I mean, it's been over
an hour and not one call.
- Hello?
- It's Mia.
Mia? This is unexpected.
- We need to talk.
- Okay.
Come over with Ethan in the morning.
We need to talk alone.
Are you there?
Oh, I'm listening.
Route 401 Diner on Sixth.
Meet me there in half an hour.
Was that Mia Rochlan?
- Sounds like it.
- I thought she was dead.
Let's go.
There goes that drink.
Come on, let's go.
- You all right?
- Yes, stop asking that.
Ma'am, Harper Deakins, DEA.
With the Chicago Gang Task Force.
This is Detective Patrick Finnegan.
We're hoping you can
help us with something.
- Hey.
- You get something?
Yeah.
Well, don't keep me in
suspense, let's go. What is it?
Well, it's... You should
know it's not great.
Okay, let me see it.
Seems your girlfriend has a nasty habit
of turning up around dead bodies.
- She knew him.
- Who?
Vasily.
Yeah.
She shot him.
Mia... You know, whatever
her name is, she knew him.
It says here Anna Drubeskaya
was killed two years ago
in a subway explosion in Moscow.
You sure can pick 'em.
What's that supposed to mean?
I did all right with you, didn't I?
Thank you.
Can't exactly use you as
a reference though, can I?
No.
There's one.
- Evening, sir.
- Hello.
What can I get you?
Coffee.
Okay, coming up.
There's two.
So, what is good here?
I don't know. You called
the meeting, you tell me.
Anna Drubeskaya.
The walking dead.
Even the dead have to eat.
We don't need him.
Excuse me?
You have the drive.
You have me.
It's a match made in heaven.
All we need to do is
get rid of Ethan Kelly.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org